Now effectively the set time that we've been working with so far here here here in here could be considered
somewhat of a strong set.
The reason you might call it a strong is because of the way that it stores object references so I show
you what I mean here.
Make a new set.
You'll be a pro at making sets by the end of this.
So with a new set like so.
And then after that we'll just make it key with an object in it.
And then after that we'll add it to the set.
So you set dot ad and then we'll add the key like so concert log set has key and you can see that it
clearly does have the key.
So that works out pretty well.
But let's say that I hollow out this key.
So I'll do key equals no.
The way that this set stores the object reference it's essentially going I'll hold on to this object
reference meaning that as long in the instance as long as this instance of the set exist a reference
to this object will exist even if I hollowed out the reference and essentially eliminate the original
object and I could easily get that object back and I'll even give it a value or something like.
For example let's see.
Present.
Present is true.
Just to kind of show you.
So in this case just for example create a key to do let key to and set that equal to dot dot dot.
And then and then we'll cancelled all log key to.
And you can see I still have a reference to that object even though I actually got rid of it.
It can't be garbage collected from memory because my set my strong say is still holding onto it.
And by the way in case you're confused by this syntax the way I accessed it was by using a spread operator
on iterable object like a set.
I turn it into an array and then as soon as I turn it into an array I access the first indicia of the
array which in this case would be this object and I store that object inside of key to this can honestly
be pretty bad.
Let's say you're keeping track of different d'armes different parts of your dorm inside of a set and
then maybe another script that you're running deletes that part of the dom that you're keeping track
of.
In that case you're still holding on to a reference even after that particular element on the DOM is
deleted.
So in other words that's called a memory leak.
So in order to deal with this type of problem we have something called weak says.